‎I’ve been involved
‎in the international construction service
‎for eight years in Congo, in Senegal,
‎and now we’re here in the Philippines.
‎It’s such a wonderful, wonderful privilege
‎that Jehovah
‎has given me through the years
‎to learn different skills
‎that I never ever imagined
‎I would be able to do.
‎A construction site
‎is a very happy site.
‎Once you get there and you’re working
‎with your brothers and sisters,
‎it’s just happiness and joy.
‎To be able to see
‎the love they have for Jehovah
‎and the love they have
‎for their assignment,
‎that has been a wonderful thing.
‎Everywhere you go,
‎you can learn from a culture.
‎There are strong points in each culture
‎that you can learn
‎and apply in your own life.
‎There’ve been challenges
‎and sacrifices we’ve made
‎—for example,
‎leaving behind friends
‎who had become very close.
‎The congregation is our stronghold;
‎it stabilizes us.
‎Actually, without the congregation,
‎we wouldn’t be able to do our assignment.
‎When we first came to the Philippines,
‎we were feeling kind of low
‎and out of place.
‎But then a family from our new hall
‎invited us over for a meal after service.
‎We ate some really good, tasty local dishes.
‎They played music; we sang.
‎That just canceled
‎the homesickness that we were feeling.
‎We support the local congregation
‎by having a good service routine.
‎The construction work
‎that we do is a physical work,
‎so sometimes we can lose the focus.
‎But being out in service
‎and being with your brothers and sisters
‎puts you back in focus.
‎I really love being in international service
‎because I love people.
‎Working for hours
‎with my brothers and sisters
‎just makes me very happy,
‎and at the end of the day,
‎it’s always, always a very good day.